## Lab session 3

Starting from where you left after concluding level_03 of lab session 2, complete the following steps to fulfill the assignment:

4. Add the _periodicity_ to the game window: At the moment, if the snake hits the boundary of the game window, the game ends. Instead, we want the snake to exit from one boundary of the frame and re-enter from the opposite boundary (Right-Left, Up-Down). **Hint**: add a few conditionals inside the game loop to check if the snake intersected the window boundaries, and then move its head to the opposite boundary.
5. Add _random wall generation_: Create a new `wall.py` module to be imported inside the `main.py` file, that will include the definitions of all variables related to a new game object representing a wall located randomly inside the game window (use the _random_pos_ function defined in the in the `game.py` module), that upon collision with the snake triggers the _game over_ display. Each time a fruit gets eaten by the snake, create a new block (10x10 pixels **Rect** object randomly located) and add it (use the *append* function for python lists) to the _wall body_, a list initialized in the `wall.py` module that comprehends all the wall blocks. The wall must be colored in red and the game should display _game over_ on the collision of the snake with a wall block. Beware that the new fruit position does not overlap with previous walls and that walls and fruits are not initialized outside of the window screen. Finally, use the python **pop** function (acts on lists) to delete elements from the wall body list, so that no more than 5 wall blocks appear at the same time in the game window
6. _Modify the wall generation_ in order to create a **corner** composed of **5** wall blocks, one central, two on one horizontal direction and two on one vertical direction. Every time a fruit gets eaten, a _corner wall_ must be generated and appended to the wall body. Each _cornver wall_ will be itself a list composed of 5 smaller **Rect** objects, thus the wall body will be a list of lists. The wall body should not be composed of more than 5 _corner walls_, so **pop** the first element whenever the number of walls is greater than 5.
